Update README.dev.md (#37)
cffbots/filtering: README.dev.md

**Summary:**

- Install node >= 14 (e.g., using `nvm`)
- Get GitHub token (tips: you don't need to add permissions, and set a short expiry date)
- Install Visual Studio Code and the plugin "EditorConfig for VSCode"
- Install Docker
- `docker pull citationcff/cffconvert:2.0.0`
- Install the node packages with `npm install`
- Run `node query.mjs`

## Setup

### Install node and npm

Install [`node`](https://nodejs.dev) Long Term Support (LTS), version 14 or greater.
You could use your system's package manager or [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
If you use `nvm`, you can install the latest LTS with

```
nvm install --lts
```

Install [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com).

### GitHub token

Go to [https://github.com/settings/tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens) and create a GitHub token.
You don't need to give it any permissions (we'll only read public information).
We also recommend setting an expiry date.

> You only have you change to copy it, so don't miss it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only have one chance to copy it, so don't miss it.
```
